ERROR_CORRECTION
	Specifies what degree of error correction to use, for example in QR Codes. Type depends on the encoder. For example for QR codes it's type ErrorCorrectionLevel. For Aztec it is of type Integer, representing the minimal percentage of error correction words. For PDF417 it is of type Integer, valid values being 0 to 8. In all cases, it can also be a String representation of the desired value as well. Note: an Aztec symbol should have a minimum of 25% EC words.
CHARACTER_SET
	Specifies what character encoding to use where applicable (type String)
DATA_MATRIX_SHAPE
	Specifies the matrix shape for Data Matrix (type SymbolShapeHint)
MIN_SIZE
	Specifies a minimum barcode size (type Dimension). Only applicable to Data Matrix now.
MAX_SIZE
	Specifies a maximum barcode size (type Dimension). Only applicable to Data Matrix now.
MARGIN
	Specifies margin, in pixels, to use when generating the barcode. The meaning can vary by format; for example it controls margin before and after the barcode horizontally for most 1D formats. (Type Integer, or String representation of the integer value).
PDF417_COMPACT
	Specifies whether to use compact mode for PDF417 (type Boolean, or "true" or "false" String value).
PDF417_COMPACTION
	Specifies what compaction mode to use for PDF417 (type Compaction or String value of one of its enum values).
PDF417_DIMENSIONS
	Specifies the minimum and maximum number of rows and columns for PDF417 (type Dimensions).
AZTEC_LAYERS
	Specifies the required number of layers for an Aztec code. A negative number (-1, -2, -3, -4) specifies a compact Aztec code. 0 indicates to use the minimum number of layers (the default). A positive number (1, 2, .. 32) specifies a normal (non-compact) Aztec code. (Type Integer, or String representation of the integer value).
QR_VERSION
	Specifies the exact version of QR code to be encoded. (Type Integer, or String representation of the integer value).
GS1_FORMAT
	Specifies whether the data should be encoded to the GS1 standard (type Boolean, or "true" or "false" String value).